BIOLOGY TEACHER

schivor anes

AUC eretaans

Biology Teacher Company Name 1% City , State

* Execute, impkment, and modify lesson plans while incorporating differentiated instruction and muttiple intelligences.

© Design and align lessons, labs, and assessments incorporating STEM, problem based karning, Common Core and NGSS.

© Volunteer and participate in schools extracurricular activities such as selling tickets for the school talent show and participating in the
Lindenwold HS 5K for the scholarship fimd.

© Teach and translate materials utilizing Sheltered Instruction techniques for English Language Learners.

© Co-teach with special education teachers while executing modifications in student IEP and 504 plans.

* Plan and present Google applications training for Lindenwold HS professional development.

09/2011 to 11/2016
Biology Teacher Company Name 1 City , State

© Seck out of district professional development opportunities including but not limited to NJEA and NSTA Conventions, and addition
PP VUCBoMtet Giese ce eoMiclncciecMmAce OLN

© Successfillly fimdraise money for incorporating additional technologies, TI Nspire CX graphing calculators, for the classroom through

DonorsChoose.org,

Execute, impkment, and modify lesson plans while incorporating differentiated instruction and muttiple intelligences.

Design and align lessons, labs, and assessments incorporating STEM, problem based karning, Common Core and NGSS.

Impkment ideas, practices, and theories from professional development workshops.

Tum Key for other teachers).

Co-teach with special education teachers while executing modifications in student IEP and 504 plans.

Communicate with parents/guardians regarding student progress within the classroom

Levi p eo ORC e ua Scuieipodrele mince Olu Glnaesn tn

01/2011 to 03/2011
Student Teacher Company Name 1 City , State

¢ Develop hbs, assignments, and projects to reinforce material taught previously encouraging deeper knowledge and understanding in
addition to incorporate multiple disciplines, including writing, science, social sciences, and health,

* Continuous educational improvernent by applying constructive criticism to Iessons during student teaching experience.

CB Ze rian eatin aienkocc ance mitecancke een and a ecm only (an ale wean Te OR ITIL ec Tce

© Execute and implement lesson plans for the week while ensuring differentiated instruction.

* Communicated with parents/guardians about student progress within the chssroom.

04/2007 to 04/2011

Clmical Lab Manager/Technologist Company Name i City , State

© Educate and train Pathology Residents according to guidelines set forth in Molecular Diagnostic Laboratory Resident Manual, including
observation and hands on bench training of laboratory procedures and techniques.

* Research and validate new laboratory tests by determining parameters for sample concentration, detection limits, and composition of
cceatives mite slecona

© Maintain failed run, repeat testing, instrument/equipment maintenance & calibration, QC temperature, & T-A-T logs.

* Perform DNA extraction/quantitation, PCR, CE, interpretation, and reporting of results of molecular studies.

© Manage and operate the laboratory and equipment according to the QA/QC Procedure and Protocol.

P20 toe OR IIAAUEL
Quality Control Technician - TCA/E Coordinator Company Name 1 City , State

Coordinate monthly seminar with QC Director and attending laboratory technicians in addition to conducting ‘Good Laboratory Practices’
and orientation kectures for hboratory technicians.

Compose and administer seminar quizzes and verifying technician credit by monitoring seminar attendance.
Assemble and execute state reports for Department of Health in several states in which licenses are held.
Troubleshoot and investigate pending specimens to ensure results are reported within a timely manner.
Manage Technician Competency Assessment (TCA) and Continuing Education (TCE) Programs.
Maintain laboratory technician training records and schedule annual evaluations.

Accumuhite test result and testing comments for final report compketion.

Compose standard operations and procedure for pending specimens.

Verify patient requisition forms to records in company database.

(Xr lertusmerscleced icky erect uae een enue

01/2005 to 08/2005
Olive PE lesienmtediiesn Ge scien ct Ry /LOr mete

Seek a Bc uae aa ed eo DaNie Ee mera aac Se  eea) oe aaa a Ee ma aay
