SOUS CHEF

Aug oanan at acs

Sous ChefJul 2010

Company Name i City , State

Assisted cooks in the preparation of green salads, fruit salads and pasta salads.

i ccce een PAGP Bin eoetretoe

Plated and distributed completed dishes to waiters.

Improved the accuracy of filled orders by changing the procedure of sharing tickets.
© Took inventory and placed orders, assisted in the food and beverage operations.

Front Desk Agent Company Naim i’ City , State

© Assisted the Property Coordinator with daily tasks and worked on hotel computer programming systems Worked with HR departrent to
control staffing and perform employee performance evahutions.

© Handkd property fimetions on daily basis to ensure best performance and persistent upgrading in customer service, employee proficiency,
performance, marketing, property ambience and income.

© Handkd room reservation Adjusted auditing reports Received and send telephone messages and facsimiks.

Front Desk Manager Jan 2013 to Jan 2014
Company Name i City , State

© Process guest registration including calculation and collection of payment Conduct night audit as assigned Processed all financial transactions
including the verification and processing of credit card transactions in accordance with company policies and procedures and compkte shift
reports Maintain room status inventory Respond to guest inquires and request regarding hotel services, reservations, local attractions,
Chiara imy om

* Efficient in several software systems PBX and OPERA Perform work duties in accordance with safety and security policies and procedures
Guest Service Recovery- Night Audit IHG Rewards Gold Level Rewards Champion Kept track ofall enrollments for reward members
Maintained excellence according to IHG's standards for monthly enrollments Completed several IHG Rewards Compliance training
Ronnies

Baquet- Front desk Jan 2010 to Jan 2013
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

¢ Assisted with administration work, contracts, contract changes, certificates.

© Prepared access cards, ordered products.

* Selected the right candidates for the company's needs.

© Became familiar with various laws such as ADA, FMLA, and Workers Compensation.

Front Desk Agent Jan 2011 to Jan 2012
Company Name i City , State

© Accomplished appointment scheduling, data entry and revenue management, met sales goals.
* Interact with customers on a daily basis via fice to face or multi-line phone Prep Cook (Banquet Upheld Department of Health policies by
maintaining a sanitary and pleasant dining environment Prepared meals to custorrer satisfaction and performed inventory management.

Shift Supervisor/ Host Jun 2007 to Dee 2007
Company Name i City , State

© Incharge ofall hosts/ hostesses during my time as shift supervisor, responsible for the front of the house.
* Checked time sheets to ensure employees were clocking out properly, trained new employees on POS system.
© Perform work duties in accordance with regulations such as OSHA, HAZCOM, and Blood Borne Illnesses.

Career Overview
A highly- motivated, productive and customer-focused team player with strong communication, interpersonal, organizational, time management,

analytical and problem solving skill. Reliable and dedicated with the ability to grasp and apply new procedures quickly; organize and prioritize
tasks to meet deadlines and adapt readily to new challenges.

COR Tine nlics
© Promoting hotel facilities Customer service Hospitality
CEN TE soars © In-depth knowledge of the hotel, hospitality, leisure and service sector.
¢ Resolving guest disputes Cia Reb vcr uncanici rnb eae cu Nee an acl cm
© Project Management © Working long hours, under pressure and tight deadlines.
* Marketing Cr accee rabid
¢ Experienced in multiple reservation systems © Revenue Managerrent
© Strong influencing & communication skills.
