ACCOUNTANT

ASTreeestad
Desh ep ceeenannes ocala ub eapa a eeyata em reporting and analysis within the Department of Defense.
Shennan

© Account reconciliations

© Results-oriented © Accounting operations professional

¢ Financial reporting Ler eiisctosiistne sles rts

© Critical thinking ¢ ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) software.

© Excellent facilitator

Accomplishments

Served ona tiger team which identified and resolved General Ledger postings in DEAMS totaling $360B in accounting adjustments. This allowed
for the first successfill fiscal year-end close for 2012.

see OWE Orman evento RCE Cent ee] duplicate obligations. This tool allowed HQ USAFE to
deobligate over $5M in duplicate obligations.

Experience
Company Name July 2011 to Novernber 2012 Accountant
OANA

Enterprise Resource Planning Office (ERO)

In this position as an Accountant assigned to the Defense ee cer omen nnee Te Alesteorrar esa CcnTt (DEAMS) ERO I was
responsibie for identifying and resolving issues affecting the DEAMS General b Betesnae

Hee CH BN a urea BUNA seh Cash, and Budget to Report areas to resolve daily rll dvexoreetiicistl
with the deployment of DEAMS to additional customers and when system change requests were promoted to production.

Neen erite kun SOMO L Meena critel see eee ITU riuaneelnmn on cm are sonics ee rca) NV Otr eT etre
EL Tea enge ee oe rata OIL BDU a nvecta cle ycusnaeyiLakneom ibaa eincur len

In addition, I served on a tiger team designed to identify and resolve General eee eg eee ccee cE BSn eee ett orc dod
$360B in accounting adjustments allowing for the first successfull fiscal year-end close in 2012.

© These actions also allowed for the reconciliation and closure of fiscal year 2010 and 2011 accounting adjustrents ensuring that all DEAMS
Selb hcharanBvceliccn enh NarRuet eck

These actions were recognized as critical to the successfill review NSS Pe ree OnoclorlMtcet Balt reOn cd
(AFOTEC) resulting in the Air Force receiving the ST esa een nem Ree nares a BIST e

Company Name April 2010 to June 2011 Resource Advisor
Or RSAC

ORS ee Bee econ cra com On cB e- Ue One tele Operation Squadron (1 ACOS) I was responsible for acy tiled
siiln al EN mcrae lousy ean once hl L Oey rr tte

* Iwas responsible for coordinating a $4.6M budget between four iba alategvelhi wae

* I coordinated with USAFE Directorate of Intelligence (USAFE/A2), USAFE Directorate of Air and Space Operations (USAFE/A3),

eS Noa Bee lmu ce niteTtone (OS NTEAO PI Re Ker P Ca ert] Oy LLM FORT POO NE rece CET cere
requirements.

Ree ig eninacoo mccain ines Oger sti Lebeleadunlibns ae Bae tic ncm rely eke (oat renal eo ere Rte ete reports in
Le PrceceB Oona me Laioged Alto

Re veTcoem eu montane econ erica pincer ts Le cured iat ican a nee ken een in Sa eeere ete kOe any
issue which affects IACOS Celina

Pree Rina Bacco Ee sy ccrnl (Ds NS) Rtet inate identify orders and authorizations needing approval and provided notification to the
Soe se aaa Orel Dench em

* Utilizing DTS and the General Accounting and Finance System I reviewed status reports to identify anomalies in obligations and have
identified those orders which require correction prior to ee Wwerana

BRO caren etek GUO Rr Ucp one et nett re day they are requested and in addition, communicated with the

Sy Uae elpe aaa Laken tinea tocprod tisk Rr ssineS tes program.

IR saiciteanyaomcteadceatinarnen ete Rian Ree requirements to ensure all required training was completed TRS yee a
this mission critical program.

Toe ee Bul cClne som hae uOketelrey take behaccs nce org eit Lela oa nace steers R ancl t one Rerun ses Ptratteeh a
cardholder questions on unique or non-standard issues/concems.
